What is rare?
It is rare that a man has to keep his body like a jade
Keep clean for your wife
You are not allowed to hook up with other men and women
When you meet a fox spirit, you have to sit still
Never be afraid of Lei
Can't blame Lei for being late
how
You're starting to show off your wealth
How can I have this ability?
Anyway, for me, husband and wife must be equal.
Otherwise, one shot and two shots will be scattered
Shoot away
Demand equality from me
Are you qualified?
OK
I don't have it.
So don't say that misleading thing.
We're going to get divorced sooner or later anyway
You can try it back.
scum scum
It must be controlled by fat dissolution.
Will not reply to my message
Do you know why you lost to him in the first place?
Because your heart is too soft
Not tough enough
If not for you
How could I lose my toughness?
Maybe it's fate
You and Rongzhi have to fight again
I'll help you.
No, nothing else.
You'd better stay out of this
aunt
You'd better stop going behind my back
Do anything to hurt Jon
Or I'll go back to America
Never come back
Something that's hard to achieve